README.md, before:

# Carbon Black Qt API demo

## What can it do? 

* Lists policies with indicators that tell you things like number of rules, UI `ON/OFF`, GoLive `ON/OFF` 

* Let's you compare policies side-by-side, even in different customer instances — you can select two policies, see exactly where there are differences and what they are 

* Copy policies between instances — if you have a policy applied to one customer and you want to apply that same policy to another 

* Policies that are applied can then be viewed in the product UI under Enforce > Policies 


## How to build on Linux CentOS

### Install required packages

sudo yum install qt5-qtbase qt5-qtbase-devel vim-X11 gcc-c++ qt5-linguist

### Use QT5 by default

sudo ln -s /usr/bin/qmake-qt5 /usr/bin/qmake

sudo ln -s /usr/bin/lrelease-qt5 /usr/bin/lrelease
 
### Build

qmake-qt5

make

./cb

## How to build on Linux Ubuntu

### Install required packages

sudo apt-get install g++ make qt5-default qt5-qmake

### Build

qmake-qt5

make

./cb

## Warning

Warning : Settings/passwords are stored in plain text.

For Linux, see ~/.config/Carbon Black/cb.conf

For Windows, see HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Carbon Black\cb

## Resources

* Developer Network website: https://developer.carbonblack.com - contains reference documentation, video tutorials, and how-to guides on how to integrate with Carbon Black products
* CbAPI Python module: https://cbapi.readthedocs.io - our Python module that makes interfacing with the Carbon Black APIs easy. Check it out if you're using Python to interface with Cb products.
* CbAPI Python module source code: https://github.com/carbonblack/cbapi-python - the source code to the CbAPI Python module, including example scripts

## Support

If you have questions on the Carbon Black Qt API, please contact me at slist@vmware.com

## License

Use of this software is governed by the license found in LICENSE.md.

Commit message:

Explain how to add to Ubuntu launcher

README.md, after:

# Carbon Black Qt API demo

## What can it do? 

* Lists policies with indicators that tell you things like number of rules, UI `ON/OFF`, GoLive `ON/OFF` 

* Let's you compare policies side-by-side, even in different customer instances — you can select two policies, see exactly where there are differences and what they are 

* Copy policies between instances — if you have a policy applied to one customer and you want to apply that same policy to another 

* Policies that are applied can then be viewed in the product UI under Enforce > Policies 


## How to build on Linux CentOS

### Install required packages

sudo yum install qt5-qtbase qt5-qtbase-devel vim-X11 gcc-c++ qt5-linguist

### Use QT5 by default

sudo ln -s /usr/bin/qmake-qt5 /usr/bin/qmake

sudo ln -s /usr/bin/lrelease-qt5 /usr/bin/lrelease
 
### Build

qmake-qt5

make

./cb

## How to build on Linux Ubuntu

### Install required packages

sudo apt-get install g++ make qt5-default qt5-qmake

### Build

qmake-qt5

make

./cb


### Create a Destop Launcher on Ubuntu

The easiest way to add this app to Ubuntu launcher is to create an entry in Gnome menu using alacarte, and then add it to favorites.

sudo apt-get install alacarte

alacarte

Create a "new Item" and point to the App and Icon (img/qt-cbapi.png).

Click on Top Left of your screen on "Activities", search your newly created application, right click to "Add to Favorites".

## Warning

Warning : Settings/passwords are stored in plain text.

For Linux, see ~/.config/Carbon Black/cb.conf

For Windows, see HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Carbon Black\cb

## Resources

* Developer Network website: https://developer.carbonblack.com - contains reference documentation, video tutorials, and how-to guides on how to integrate with Carbon Black products
* CbAPI Python module: https://cbapi.readthedocs.io - our Python module that makes interfacing with the Carbon Black APIs easy. Check it out if you're using Python to interface with Cb products.
* CbAPI Python module source code: https://github.com/carbonblack/cbapi-python - the source code to the CbAPI Python module, including example scripts

## Support

If you have questions on the Carbon Black Qt API, please contact me at slist@vmware.com

## License

Use of this software is governed by the license found in LICENSE.md.
